/************************************************************************
Multiscale/Multiphysics Interfaces for Large-scale Optimization (MILO)

Copyright 2018 National Technology & Engineering Solutions of Sandia,
LLC (NTESS). Under the terms of Contract DE-NA0003525 with NTESS, the
U.S. Government retains certain rights in this software.‚Äù

For five (5) years from 6/25/2018 the United States Government is granted
for itself and others acting on its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive,
irrevocable worldwide license in this data to reproduce, prepare
derivative works, and perform publicly and display publicly, by or on
behalf of the Government. There is provision for the possible extension
of the term of this license. Subsequent to that ZZperiod or any extension
granted, the United States Government is granted for itself and others
acting on its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable worldwide
license in this data to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute
copies to the public, perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit
others to do so. The specific term of the license can be identified by
inquiry made to National Technology and Engineering Solutions of Sandia,
LLC or DOE.

NEITHER THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT, NOR THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF
ENERGY, NOR NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS OF SANDIA, LLC,
NOR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR
ASSUMES ANY LEGAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR
USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION, APPARATUS, PRODUCT, OR PROCESS DISCLOSED,
OR REPRESENTS THAT ITS USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED RIGHTS.

Any licensee of this software has the obligation and responsibility to
abide by the applicable export control laws, regulations, and general
prohibitions relating to the export of technical data. Failure to obtain
an export control license or other authority from the Government may
result in criminal liability under U.S. laws.

This software has been assigned SCR# 2273.0. This number is an internal
tracking number and is a useful reference when contacting the Legal
Technology Transfer Center or Licensing and IP Management.

This software was originally assigned Export Control Classification
Number (ECCN) EAR 99. However, since this software is to be released as
OSS, the software is deemed to be Publicly Available.

***********************************************************************/
